# Pingback Form

**Pingback Form** is a Web Component that makes it easy to create forms for customer leads. It allows you to collect contact information simply and intuitively.

## Installation

You can install the library using npm:

```bash
npm install pingback-form
```

Alternatively, you can import it directly via CDN in your HTML code:

```html
<script src="https://unpkg.com/pingback-form@1.1.1/dist/pingback-form.js"></script>
```

## Example Usage

Here’s an example of how to use the `pingback-form` component in your HTML application:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
  <head>
    <script src="https://unpkg.com/pingback-form@1.1.1/dist/pingback-form.js"></script>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h2>HTML Forms</h2>

    <pingback-form
      data-fields='[
        { "name": "name", "type": "text", "label": "Full Name", "required": true },
        { "name": "email", "type": "email", "label": "Email Address", "required": true },
        { "name": "phone", "type": "tel", "label": "Phone Number", "required": false, "mask": "99 99999-9999" },
        {
          "name": "role",
          "type": "select",
          "label": "Your Role",
          "options": ["Developer", "Designer", "Manager"],
          "placeholder": "Select a role",
          "required": true
        },
        { "name": "message", "type": "textarea", "label": "Message", "required": false }
      ]'
    ></pingback-form>
  </body>
</html>
```

## How It Works

The `pingback-form` component accepts a `data-fields` attribute, which should be a JSON string containing the configuration for the form fields. Each field should include the following properties:

- `name`: The name of the field.
- `type`: The type of the field (e.g., `text`, `email`, `tel`, `select`, `textarea`).
- `label`: The label of the field that will be displayed to the user.
- `required`: A boolean value indicating whether the field is mandatory.
- `mask` (optional): For fields that require specific formatting (e.g., phone numbers).
- `options` (optional): A list of options for fields of type `select`.
- `placeholder` (optional): A placeholder text for the field.

OBS: The mask field must be used with the digit 9. If another digit is used, the value of mask will be replaced with the default value.

## Build generator

You can build the library using:

```bash
npm run build
```

## Styles

To style the form, CSS was used without any libraries or preprocessors. This approach was chosen to facilitate the insertion of styles into the shadow DOM of the web component, avoiding potential conflicts with the CSS of other pages. The plugins cssInjectedByJsPlugin and shadowStyle were used to insert the CSS directly into the JavaScript file generated by the build.
